Ajax
    technique for loading data into part of a page without having to refresh the entire page. The data is often in JSON

What is Ajax
Data formats
jQuery and Ajax


What is it? You have seen it and not even realized it! Think of Google search suggestions.
    Live search / autocomplete
    shopping carts
    registration
Why use it?
    Asynch so it speeds things up
How it works
    1. The request
        the broeser requests information from the server.
    On the server -> not part of Ajax
        the server responds with data (HTML, XML, JSON)
    2. The Response
        The browser processes the conteent and adds it to the page.
    
Data formats
    HTML
        Most familiar. best for updating a section of a web page
        pros-
            Easy to write, request, and dispaly
            The data sent from the server goes straight into the page. No need for the browers to proccess it
        cons-
            Server must produce the HTML in a format that is ready to use for the page
            It is not well suited for us in applications other than web browsers (poor data portability)
            Request must come from the same domain
    XML
        looks similar to html, but different tags.  More strict than html
       pros-
            Flexible data format and can represnt complex structures
            Works well with different platforms and applications
            Processed using the same DOM methods as HTML
       cons- 
            Considred verbose because tags add a lot of extra characters
            Request must come from the same domain
            It can require a lot of code to process the result
    JSON
        uses similar syntax to object literal notion to present data
        pros-
            Can be called from any domain
            More concise than XML / HTML
            Commonly used with JS and is getting wider use across the web
        cons-
            Syntax not forgiving (broken files)
            Because it is JS, it can contain malicious content (trusted sources only)

---
Ajax for working with data from your server
Working with data from other servers 3 work arounds
    A proxy file on the web server
    JSONP(json with padding)
    Cross-origin resource sharing

jQuery and Ajax 
    Ex:
        $('content').load('jq-ajax3.html #content');

Shorthand methods   
    